 Diff between jdk, jvm and jre 
	jdk is installation pkg and it consists of JRE and development tools. here we can compile and run the code as well
	jre is run time environment, it consists of JVM and class libraries. we can only run byte code here. cant develope
	jvm is main component of both jdk and jre. This converts the byte code to machine dependent code using java interpreter and JIT.

 is java case sensitive? yes
	
 how java is platform independent?
	The meaning of platform-independent is that the java compiled code(byte code) can run on all operating systems.
	Here the jvm is platform dependent, so this byte code in the presence of jvm will convert to machine dependent code. so
	
	

 is java 100% object oriented?

 can u name few main features of java?

 list the important methods in the object class
	
1. what is a class?
	Class is logical entity , template that describes the state and behaviour of the object

2. what is a object?
	A object is a real time entity that has both state and behaviour . state represent the type of object where as, behaviour represent the actions that the object can perform

3. what is an array?

4. what is function?
	
5. what is an annotation?

6. what is constrcutor?

7. what is an interface?

8. what is abstract class?

9. what is inheritence?

10. what is encapsulation?

11. polymorphism? and types

12. what is overloading and overriding?

14. what flexibility u have in overloading and overriding?

15. what does a class can contain?

16. what does an interface can contain?

17. what is thread? ways to craete thread? best way to ctreate the thread?

18. what is annotation? types? 
	Annotations, a form of metadata, provide data about a program that is not part of the program itself. Annotations have no direct effect on the operation of the code they annotate.
	
		Annotations have a number of uses, among them:

		> Information for the compiler — Annotations can be used by the compiler to detect errors or suppress warnings.
		> Compile-time and deployment-time processing — Software tools can process annotation information to generate code, XML files, and so forth.
		> Runtime processing — Some annotations are available to be examined at runtime.

19. how to create the user defined annnotation?

20. diff btwn jdk, jvm, jre?

21. Difference between jar file and war file.
	The first and most obvious difference is the file extension. JARs have the .jar extension, whereas the WAR file has the .war extension.
	The second main difference is their purpose and the way they function. 
	JAR files allow us to package multiple files in order to use it as a library, plugin, or any kind of application. On the other hand, WAR files are used only for web applications.
	for jar file the main method is requierd for start of application
	wherer as, for the war file the main method is not required for start of application
	
	this is jar file structure
	---------------------------
	META-INF/
	    MANIFEST.MF
	com/
    	    baeldung/
        	MyApplication.class

	
	this is war file structure
	---------------------------
	META-INF/
   	 MANIFEST.MF
	WEB-INF/
    	    web.xml
    	    jsp/
        	helloWorld.jsp
            classes/
        	static/
	        templates/
        	application.properties
    	    lib/
        	// in lib(library) folder dependencies will be in *.jar files 


22. error's in the web requests
ans: 3xx    301, 302.,etc are errors during the jump from one url to another url
     4xx    404 is the client side error, that is bad request
     5xx    500, 501, 503 are server side errors. server side failure during processing the request ex: 500 internal server error

23. about properties file

24 about regular expressions
	\\d   digits
	\\D	non-digits
	\\s	white space
	\\S	non-whitespace
	\w	any word [a-zA-Z_0-9]
	\W	non word







		